This repository contains code and behavioral data for the following manuscript:

Ntoumanis I, Sheronova J, Davydova A, Dolgaleva M, Jääskeläinen IP, Kosonogov V, Shestakova AN, Klucharev V. (under review) "Deciphering the neural responses to a naturalistic persuasive message".

Upon publication, the neuroimaging data of this project will be uploaded to OpenNeuro and a link to the dataset will be added here.

## Abstract
Effective health promotion may benefit from understanding how persuasion emerges. While earlier research has identified brain regions implicated in persuasion, these studies often relied on event-related analyses and frequently simplified persuasive communications. The present study investigates the neural basis of valuation change induced by a persuasive healthy eating call, employing naturalistic stimuli. Fifty healthy participants performed two blocks of a bidding task, in which they had to bid on sugar-containing, sugar-free and non-edible products, during functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). In-between the two blocks, they listened to a persuasive healthy eating call that influenced their bidding behavior. Intriguingly, participants who resisted persuasion exhibited increased synchronization of brain activity in several regions, including default mode network structures. Additionally, functional connectivity among these brain regions was found to be weaker in persuaded individuals. These results emphasize the individualized nature of processing persuasive messages, challenging conventional interpretations of synchronized neural activity. Our findings support the emerging practice of tailoring persuasive messages in health promotion campaigns.
